how are you doing James you feeling okay
today everything all right because I
know now that the bachelor is over it's
like life has no meaning anymore does it
Oh what to look forward to way I did
watch it last you didn't well I know you
of course you watched them I sometimes
hit him up about it I know you know I
like to watch your Instagram stories and
see your takes on it you take pictures
of the TV screen yeah yeah yeah I want
to lose her buddy I do I got into it
last night first of all that last night
was the big ending most people sort of
know what happened but it's like this
bigger it's all girls looks like the
rush week at Delta Gamma I don't know
how they do that I'll get one guy in the
room and then and then they have they do
the flashback because what happened is
Hannah Ann was the final two is Hanahan
he takes some gauze tray of course the
fart of this place I don't write to my
old thing and they get there and then
I'm always surprised like Hannah B
doesn't pop out of a kangaroo pouch a
the other one is a version of Madison
uh-huh so that's right
some appeal you know I get what's going
on but she dumped him twice
the only crime was she was nice and
normal
and no drama and of course he was like
the other way so he proposed to her and
then he and then a month later he's like
can I have that ring back it's so it's
so weird
and then he he tries to get the other
one back but they're on the show alive
and it's just cringe time because the
mom is like this bar you see barb mm-hmm
really dad oh yeah she is not happy and
they had a little barb cam in the corner
and when they'd show how Angela sees
Peter's mom and she clearly wants
Hanahan and she didn't get her uh-huh
and he goes mom so I guess it's gonna be
Madison now and she's like wait what
she wasn't even hiding it and yes I dine
am I going well quit yelling us my
girlfriend she's like I don't like this
one it's like David is not exaggerating
one tiny bit she was just all over and
then you know I mean you know poor
Madison and she's so wiped out from
flying in those heavy eyelashes whether
they were real or not I don't know
beautiful girl but I mean they put and
then they had a given both extensions
they're both pretty already but they
really la them up yeah they're pretty
but not enough it's like a lie of course
normal places but the mom I don't know
what happened so she was like yelling
going you know he puts Mentos and Coke
stri to kill the whole version was like
Oh involve even yeah I was bad but it
was fun just to watch the whole you
enjoy yeah I love it would she like
better bachelor/bachelorette you know I
don't know there it's all about the same
I just make fun of whatever's in front
whatever your buddy I like it off you
schedule your life around the show like
will you go out on a hey or I do sort of
work in the day they just get a little
nuts with like it's a Monday through
Friday edition I'm like three hours each
night and they're really milking it it's
like a ten minute show but I'm really
stretched out if something kitty good
hit get tighten it up oh yeah oh yeah
make it easy there's some easy tremors
yeah so how long you supposed to touch
your face
they they oh yeah so we do if you talk
I'll touch your yeah so I I went to
dinner where did you go to dinner and
when was this I'm more concerned about
the bachelor as I went to dinner and
sometimes I get dissed well obviously in
in the earlier days like right when I
moved to LA I got really LA because the
maitre d was all snooty and I tried to
take a date to some cool restaurant and
he goes like this he's all visiting
those right this way ladies and I go we
start walking I go I can't wait this guy
sees it's me he's gonna freak and then
you see some stairs and looks right at
me goes watch your step gals we go we're
all having dinner and I go up I like to
order first just kind of rude and I'm
hungry and and sometimes when I get
there I can't drink until I eat and I
like to have a few knocks especially
before the bachelor uh-huh so I go I get
there before everyone I go hey man I
tell the waiter hey can i order steak
now is that okay if I just get things
going he goes oh yeah so he does it then
15 minutes I'm like you know looking for
and then he comes back and everyone gets
there he's like yeah I can I take your
orders I'm like hey bub what any eyes on
that steak like can we get a 20 on it he
goes oh you wanted that now yeah why did
i order 20 minutes ago all right when i
walked in i go hey give me steak I think
there's two seconds and then you know
this thing where now they avoid you they
walk by your table like this and he's
like table 41 you know so he keeps doing
this and he's it's he's being weird you
know
and then and then a few minutes later
he's like
yeah well good yeah it all worked out I
get crab hey will you I don't know if
this is something you'd be willing to
share but I it would you tell I want to
take a break when we come out will you
tell the story there's a major may
triple major celebrity with whom you had
longtime bad blood oh yeah yeah you know
what I'm talking about
okay David Spade is here it shows both
banger with David Spade
very own Guillermo called lights out
with David Spade you don't have a gear
Mon here so no you can't just find those
yeah God sends them to you when you've
been good that's right
how long have you been doing doing the
show now oh I don't even know we uh
we've done what we just did 100 episodes
and since July I guess since you like
yeah so not quite a year oh thank you
100 episodes oh yeah a few more than
okay yeah so is it what you imagined it
would be this like it's kind of tougher
than I thought I thought I'd Breeze in
and mumble a few jokes and like I do
here mm-hmm but it's a little more
planning and strategizing I don't know
it's more like get up at 7:00 going and
it's all day I don't know how you see
the show you go this guy do this
pre-taped meetings
yeah meet there's so many things yeah
you have to put on makeup the whole
thing it's a mess and the new thing no
crowds and now oh yeah you guys are not
going to have one audience sorry on
Monday and I don't know what to do about
that because like this is a great crowd
we have great
he raised the lights to prove but it is
I have no idea how that will work you
know what I mean I mean I've done
stand-up for ten people and stuff on a
good night
but have you done stand-up for no people
I have not done it for now I don't know
what I'll do my manager with his two
dogs going I don't know I just will do
it you see it'll if the comedians you
know I'm gonna have to figure it out
although I have to say well you know
I've been trying to figure out what
we're gonna do and you know you get you
you're like oh maybe we shouldn't have
peopled all in a room together and then
you go to Target and there's 8,000 yeah
I know that's like well what's the point
of this wheel of fortune didn't and I go
well listen those people are waiting
three hours in line to watch a game show
they're sort of dead on the inside now
let's get to this story okay so here's
the story so you're involved in it I am
involved yes so before the Grammys
Ted surrounded us a buddy of ours he has
a pre-grammy party but it was a nice one
because there's like no cameras it was
just like I think twenty comedy people
and their dates right so so it's you
know Chappelle and Kevin Hart and and
whoever else is there if they'll have a
Lee Wan Trevor no so and they put me
next to you which is fun because Jimmy
and I get along and uh this isn't an act
and so you know we're all biessing but
Eddie Murphy's over there with Chappelle
I'm afford the thing Ted said you guys
are cool right I said you know we had
this weird thing the poor guys who don't
know there may be some people who know
yeah what happened basis hi there's
something I said on certain live years
and years ago when I was on and then
what did you say oh I just said a joke
about him and he wasn't in the mood for
it and uh uh-huh
he yelled at me and we we carried that
grudge forever you know thirty years
later some people like oh my god David
Spade's at least 30 so 30 years later we
he finally host SNL he he says you know
it's still awkward for me and him I
never see the guy but I feel bad for him
like I have this fake feud of them but
so I never see him out and so I go I
don't care if he's here it's fine so
he's over there and then we're over here
and then I'm talking and tap on the
shoulder it's just him I tell you my
point yeah yeah yeah I'm talking to you
and then I see him coming up behind you
and I go okay this could go back oh yeah
I know I was like Jimmy's gonna be my
backup which oh that's a great so then I
go huh and then if he goes hey man can I
talk to you I was like I went like this
so I go yeah instead of gives me a hug
and he says uh you know hey this is
stupid whatever whatever so we talked
about SNL and some other stuff for a
while
super cool dude just like you know as a
fan before still a fan so I just felt
bad I was a little a thorn in his side
for all the time but we're all good now
suppose one you know what if only
leaders in Washington why can't the
nations of the Middle East they could
just come together the way you and Eddie
Murphy did it we could have what a
beautiful planet this would be
everything and well David it is always a
treat to have you here
your show is very funny it's called
lights out with me
five on Comedy Central next week with no
laughs get it right back on shuffling I
am Judy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that
video hit subscribe and all your dreams
will come true assuming your dreams are
to watch more YouTube videos